---
layout: post
title:  "How to Stand Out"
date:   2019-03-29
banner_image: /assets/images/posts/2019/insectwall.jpg
tags: [inspirational, life tips, goals, articles]
---

#### How can we stand out more among employers?

Let’s face it, we live on a massive planet, and there isn’t a single person who is totally unique. There will always be somebody out there who is a bit more skilled and creative than you. Instead of comparing yourself to others, think about what you are and how you got here. Not your identity, but how you as a HUMAN got here. You are a highly intelligent being made out of star stuff who is self aware. You can do many amazing things! Of all of the years you could’ve been born, you are living during a golden era of technology and innovation! The fact that you can write down your thoughts and ideas and have a stranger thousands of miles away read them IMMEDIATELY is just one of the many ways to prove how amazing YOU are.

<!--more-->

I know, I know… you weren’t the one who actually invented the wheel, but you are a replica of the person who did.

Now, let’s think about what makes you unique. Employers may notice you more if you stand out, so how do we do that? There are many ways to stand out, and I’m sure you’ve heard about them before, but perhaps we shouldn’t focus on that right now. Instead, striving to become better at what you love to do is more important. Don’t just settle down and think you know everything there is to know. Push yourself a little harder each day, and once you do, you may surprise yourself with your ability to evolve not only your skills, but also your mindset. When that happens, you’ll surprise others too. 
